Thanos.
Who is the main villain in Avengers Infinity War?*
Who is the main hero in Avengers Infinity War?
Who is not in Avengers Infinity War?
Who is the main villain in Avengers Age of Ultron?
Who is the main hero in Avengers Age of Ultron?
James Spader.
Who played Ironman in Avengers Age of Ultron?
Who Voiced Thanos in Avengers Age of Ultron?
Who Voiced the robot Ultron in Avengers Age of Ultron?*
Who played Spiderman in Avengers Age of Ultron?
Who played Thor in Avengers Age of Ultron?
Justice League.
Who are the main superheroes in marvel?
Who are the 6 main superheroes in DC?*
Who are the main super-villains in DC?
Who are the main super-villains in marvel?
Who are the directors of the justice league movie?
Spiderman Far From Home.
What is the latest star wars movie?
What is the latest DC movie?
What is the latest Thor movie?
What is the latest Spiderman movie?*
What is the latest Ironman movie?
Black Panther.
Which movie takes place in Asgard?
Which movie takes place in Canada?
Which movie takes place in New York?
Which movie takes place in the galaxy?
Which movie takes place in Wakanda?*
Thor Ragnarok.
Which movie does Thor's hammer break in?*
Which movie does Thor die in?
Which movie does Thor's spirit break in?
Which movie does Loki die in?
Which movie does Thor not meet the Hulk in?
Lightning McQueen.
Which movie is not about car racing?
Which movie is about horse racing?
What is the movie Cars?*
What is the movie Planes?
What is the movie Despicable Me?
Toothless.
What is the name of the Gronckle in How to Train your Dragon?
What is the name of the Deadly Natter in How to Train your Dragon?
What is the name of the Monstrous Nightmare in How to Train your Dragon?
What is the name of the Zippleback in How to Train your Dragon?
What is the name of the Night Fury in How to Train your Dragon?*
Gru.
Who tries to steal the sun in Despicable me?
Who tries to steal the moon in Despicable me?*
Who tries to eat the moon in Despicable me?
Who tries to eat the sun in Despicable me?
Who tries to rob a bank in Despicable me?
The Smurfs.
Who are small creatures the size of 5 apples?
Who are small creatures the size of 2 apples?
Who are small creatures the size of 1 apples?
Who are small creatures the size of 3 apples?*
Who are small creatures the size of 4 apples?